If we take a look at our page now,
it's mostly coming together.
Everything is actually
looking pretty good.
It's following the layout.
I think I chose the wrong font size here
because they're a little bit big, so
we'll tweak that in a minute.
But other than that, things
are coming together pretty nicely and
matching the design.
Other than we have the footer and
the buttons, so
we'll tackle the buttons first.
There's nothing complicated with these.
This is a situation where I'm gonna do it.
We only have one style of button, so
I'm gonna make the button
the way I need it to look.
You could potentially use a lot of the
same approach that we did with our card to
make things more adaptable.
This would make a lot of sense if
you had lots of different buttons or
coming in with different
modifier classes for it as well.
But it's one of those things where I sort
of build it to work with what I need just
with the eye on in the future, maybe
I'll need to tweak this a little bit.
But yeah, we can just come in with
the buttons, how we need them to look.
There's nothing too complicated with them.
One thing with the button,
I'm still in my components layer.
We'd already put the button class on them,
if I find it.
I already put the class of button
on there from the beginning.
So, on that, one thing that I usually
do is a display of inline flex.
In this case,
an inline block would work as well.
Either one of them would
be completely fine.
You can also do inline flex like that or
like that.
They both work.
The reason for
that is inline is the outer version of it.
The flex is the inner version of it,
will do this, but yeah,
we now have a two syntax display.
So you can declare the outer and
inner as two separate values.
I just do that in this case, we don't have
any icons or other things, it's just text,
but it's one of those things that if ever
you had a button that needs an icon,
it's nice that it's already a flex item.
You could probably just do a display
flex 2, but I tend to do in-line flex,
then nothing fancy.
We need a little bit of padding
which we're gonna do last, actually,
I'm gonna take the padding off.
But you will need a bit of padding or
we'll put it on there.
But we'll have to adjust that
once we're looking at it,
a background color which is the accent,
I think it's the main accent color,
we have the font families
actually different.
The font family looking at it, it's the
font family of the font family heading.
The font weights, looks like it's bold.
I didn't create any customer
properties for the weights.
If you have lots of weights
it can be useful, but
in this project we decided to bold and
the regular, so
it's easy enough just to declare
the one you need, where you need it.
Let's go take a look to see if I,
one more thing, text decoration of none.
And another thing that I tend
to do on all of my buttons,
even though I don't need to
right now is a cursor pointer.
It's a button class.
It might get put on a button element or
on a link like we're doing now.
There's already people who don't like
links that look like buttons, and
there's people who don't like having
cursors on buttons either, but
it just gives us the little hand pointer
regardless of what we're putting it on.
So I'll always like having
the hand icon there.
If you have opinions on that, that's fine.
I'm gonna put it.
Looking at it now,
I see I need a border radius.
So border radius 2, I'm guessing.
That looks pretty good and
looks like it matches it.
The font size, I think,
right now the font size is inheriting, so
it's kind of large, it's matching
this big font size we have here.
So I'm actually going to declare
a font size on it as well,
of a font size, probably the medium one.
It's a little bit smaller.
And again, if we look at the Figma file,
you'd be able to get the font
size that's being used on it.
But I know just looking at it here,
the font size is definitely
smaller than the paragraph here.
This one's a large so
I'm just dropping down one to the medium.
This could potentially be
something you have a modifier for
where different buttons have
different font sizes on them.
But in this case, we don't need that.
So I think we can leave it just like that.
And then I wanna bring in the hover state,
just because I don't really like the text
just changing,
it looks weird for a button.
You could use nesting here, but
I'm just gonna do button hover,
button focus visible,
just like we did before.
And on that the color can stay the same.
So that was our high contrast.
And then the background
can just get a bit later,
background color, can be the accent.
Green is accent and that should,
let's just move this over so
you can see all of it.
And there we go.
It's a nice, simple one.
There's nothing fancy.
This could be definitely something you add
some transitions to do something fancier
with, but at least we can see it's being
highlighted, and if you tab over to it
through keyboard navigation it
works perfectly fine as well.
So nothing too fancy with our button, but
at least it's looking a little bit better,
works in both cases right there.
So I think that's pretty good to go.